HTTP Sec-WebSocket-* headers (#35606)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/sec-websocket-version/index.md

---
title: Sec-WebSocket-Version
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Sec-WebSocket-Version
page-type: http-header
browser-compat: http.headers.Sec-WebSocket-Version
spec-urls: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6455#section-11.3.5
---

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The **Sec-WebSocket-Version** HTTP {{glossary("request header", "request")}} and {{glossary("response header")}} is used in the [WebSocket](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API) opening [handshake](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API/Writing_WebSocket_servers#the_websocket_handshake) to indicate the WebSocket protocol supported by the client, and the protocol versions supported by the server if it does _not_ support the version specified in the request.

The header can only appear once in a request, and specifies the WebSocket version that web application is using.
The current version of the protocol at time of writing is 13.
The header is automatically added to requests by user agents when a {{domxref("WebSocket")}} connection is established.

The server uses the version to determine if it can understand the protocol.

> If the server doesn't support the version, or any header in the handshake is not understood or has an incorrect value, the server should send a response with status {{httpstatus("400")}} ("Bad Request") and immediately close the socket.

Reviewer: I've been writing them this way if that looks good to you:

```suggestion
If the server doesn't support the version, or any header in the handshake is not understood or has an incorrect value, the server should send a response with status {{httpstatus("400", "400 Bad Request")}} and immediately close the socket.
```

Author: It doesn't matter if it looks good to me - you're running the consistency project for HTTP. But it does look better :-)

> In this case it should also include `Sec-WebSocket-Version` in the response, listing the versions that it does support.

Reviewer: Or:

```suggestion
It should also include `Sec-WebSocket-Version` in the `400` response, listing the versions that it does support.
```
